1.	What did you like about this website?

I really liked how the active members page had lots of pictures of the different families within 
the sorority. This made it a lot more personal and appealing. People would be more likely to want 
to join if they see friendly faces on the webpage.

2.	Describe one significant difference between your own P1 site and this person's. E.g.

One significant difference between my site and yours is that you added pictures of the exec 
on the exec page, I like that because it helps people put a face to the names for when they 
want to contact them.

1.	Which has a better user experience (and why)?

Personally, I think my site has a better user experience because for your site, when you use 
it on a smaller device such as an ipad or phone, you can’t hover over things so you can’t actually 
get to the facts or active members page. This also makes it so you can’t get to the form to sign up. 

2.	Which codebase do you think would be more maintainable (and why)?

I think her codebase would be easier to maintain because she has it more organized. I could have 
organized mine into the files so that it was easier to maintain and work on. The spacing of her 
code also makes it easier to read and understand. 

3.	Is the code well-structured within files, and well-organized between files and directories?

Yes, she organized the files really well by having folders for images and css and her code is very 
well structured, looks appealing and is really easy to read.

4.	Did you find any other issues? If so, briefly enumerate them.

The only real issue I found was the navigation for tablets and phones due to the hover option.

1.	were semantically appropriate elements selected

I think that semantically appropriate elements were used throughout the files, she clearly 
separated her html and css files and used good ids/classes to lay things out using css. 

2.	is the CSS refactored to limit duplication?

Yes, she had a css file for each page but also had one css file that was for all of them for 
the basic layout of the page. This helps so that there is no repetition between files.

5.	Do you have any other constructive comments for the author?

Overall, I think you did a really good job, the only thing that I would take into account 
is to change the navigation bar when on a handheld device so that the user experience is better. 
Other than that I really like your site!
